I`m absoluting fascinating ...

I`m a big fan of ...

I`m in shock ...

Breathtaking ... (esto es para el lugar, breathtaking landscape/beaches/paradise)

I`m astonished ... (esto es como me siento yo)

hidden gem -> es como un sinónimo de paradise

picturesque village -> un lugar pintoresco

bustling -> ruidosa -> sinónimo de noisy

vibrant

unwind and recharge -> relajarme y recargar energía

peace and quietness -> la paz y la tranquilidad

podemos decir water o waters

crystal clear waters -> aguas cristalinas

rolling mountains/hills -> montañas onduladas

lushing -> para algo de mucho verde, como por ejemplo lashing forest/mountain, significa exuberante

loch (lock se pronuncia) -> sinónimo de lake, es mas de los irlandeses

sparkling lake -> un lago como burbujeante

sparkling water -> agua con gas

present perfect -> porque es algo que hice en el pasado, pero tiene una consecuencia en el presente. Porque ahora tengo las emociones de lo que me dejaron las vacaciones. O para las cosas que compre, porque las tengo ahora

si pongo cuando, es simple past, si no digo cuando, present perfect (the first 3 days we visited)

past perfect para algo que paso, pasado primero y past perfect para lo que paso antes de lo que para la que use el pasado

soak up the sun -> tomar sol, sinónimo de sunbathe 

soak up significa absorber

to indulge in the local cuisine/local dishes -> para disfrutar de la cocina local

indulge significa complacer/satisfacer

to explore off the beaten path -> ir a lugares que no va nadie

to explore the local culture firsthand

at the end of all, i feel grateful

that was much grateful

it was quite expensive

usar much, quite

usar muchos adjetivos

hacer un texto hablando de mis vacaciones

For the holidays, I went to Chile. More specifically, I spent 3 days in Santiago de Chile and 7 in La Serena. Then, I visited Mendoza for only a day and a half.
First of all, I'm going to talk about Santiago, where I spent the 3 days going to different malls, I'm shocked by how bustling the city is; it has a lot of residents, and the malls are quite big. I`m astonished by how cheap the things were there, I've bought a coffee maker for only 80 dollars, when in Argentina, it costs 360 dollars. Actually, I bought the coffee maker in the second mall that we visited, because I had seen the machine in other mall, but it was 100 dollars, and my brother knew that we probably were going to found it cheaper in some other place. My family and I bought a lot of stuff, like clothes, bed sheets, some kitchen's machines, among others things. 
Then, on the second place, we went to La Serena, a beach town. It is a breathtaking paradise, the beach has crystal clear waters, and it is a windy place, so you can soak up the sun, without dying of heat. We went there for unwind and recharge, because we are huge fans of the peace and quietness that places like that offers. Some nights, we indulge in the local cuisine of the place, for example, the first night in La Serena we went to a beach bar for dinner, where I ate a plate of salmon, and it was simply lovely. For me, La Serena is like a hidden gem, because not a lot of people know about the place, but once you go, you will want to come back. 
By the end of the holidays, we went to Mendoza. At the very beginning, it was chaotic; we spent 14 hours to go from La Serena to Mendoza, because my brother-in-law's car had trouble running because of the high altitude in the rolling mountains, so we had to wait for around 50 minutes for the engine to cool down, and then we waited at customs for a while. But, overall, Mendoza was fantastic. The only full day that we spent there, we went to A16, a winery, where we had some of the most delicious food that I have ever tried in the year. A16 is truly a lush place, where you can see all the grape crops alongside many beautiful flowers. Mendoza really is a picturesque city. 
At the end of it all, I feel grateful for the time I could spend with my family. Perhaps we had quite a few arguments, but that doesn’t really matter because we were able to share many amazing memories together.

aduana se pronuncia castom
chaotic se pronuncia keiotic

the car broke down -> el auto se rompió