Luggage -> equipaje (todo, la valija, el bolso)

Suitcase -> solamente la valija

Toilet treats -> todo lo de perfumería -> washbag/sponge bag (porta cosméticos), tooth paste, tooth brush, sunscreen, insect repellent, sun burn cream, shampoo, conditioner, make up, deodorant, nail scissors, hair brush, comb

Electronics -> adapter, batteries, charger, hair dryer, hair straightener, curling iron/hair curler, headphones (los más grandes), earphones (los más chiquitos), travel iron (plancha de la ropa)

Clothes and shoes -> underwear, swim suit, flip flops, slippers, sun hat, pijamas, trainers (zapatillas)

Medicines

First aids kit/pack/bag -> primeros auxilios

Beach bag

Elements to play with -> games and cards to play

Towels

City break -> historic and tourist places

indeed -> en realidad -> se usa al final de la oración -> A friend in need is a friend indeed -> se puede usar como sinónimo de really

it is a place where it doesn't rain

indoor activities / outdoor activities

if it rains everyday, our holidays will be spoiled

tighten tights -> se usan con wear for travelling/to travel 

después de una preposición como for, se usa el verbo con -ing

quick decision/immediate decision

quickly decided

are left behind -> sinónimo de olvidar

Items:
10- passports
9- flip flops
8- mobile phones
7- tooth brushes
6- tooth pastes
5- sunglasses
4- book
3- sunscreen
2- phone chargers
1- confortable shoes

Tips (actividad d):
1- don't pack too much
2- keep some space in your suitcase for shopping
3- pack in the right order
4- make sure your clothes arrive looking good
5- keep your chargers and adapters together
6- use shoe bags
7- think about airport security
8- buy a travel wallet

homework -> pensar las razones de los consejos/Tips (actividad d):

1- don't pack too much -> if you pack too much, you will be uncomfortable while you travel, also there is a high possibility that all the things can't be packed
2- keep some space in your suitcase for shopping -> mostly when you travel, you buy a lot of things, or at least some presents for the people you love
3- pack in the right order -> it will help you to take advantage of your suitcase space
4- make sure your clothes arrive looking good -> you should be comfy while you travel, but also you have to look properly
5- keep your chargers and adapters together -> in this way, there are less possibilities that you lose one of them
6- use shoe bags -> this will help you to have clean clothes around the shoes
7- think about airport security -> the airport security is different in every place, so you should think about what are the bad looking things that you mustn't do
8- buy a travel wallet-> this will help you to be more organized by having everything that you need for your travel in one place

keep también significa almacenar
después de un of, viene un not
pack se usa para todo lo que sea en suitcases

think about packing -> pensar sobre armar la valija
unpack -> sacar de la valija
we frequently get it wrong 
pay for extra luggage
often when we arrive and unpack
to make things easier
otherwise -> de otra forma
think about what you might want to buy -> pensar en lo que podrías comprar (en lo que podrías llegar a comprar)
roll your jeans, T-shirts, and pyjamas -> se puede decir roll up también (enrollar)
trousers -> pantalones
fold -> doblar
wrap -> envolver
keep space
hand luggage
print out
booking hotel / booking ticket / hotel reservation -> reserva del hotel

contar sobre el viaje a Bariloche, planning, packing, y leaving, los tres procesos
usar might, y todas las expresiones de arriba

Today I'm going to talk about my last travel: Bariloche.
Let's rewind to January, when it all started. I was having dinner with two of my five best friends, and I came up with one idea: to do our first travel together, the 5 of us. I'm not going to go deeper in how I convinced all of them, otherwise, if I did that, I would talk all day only about that.
So I will start with the planning. It was difficult, we had 3 places where we wanted to go: Salta, Mendoza, and Bariloche. And obviously we had a tight budget. To make things easier, we did a survey, and Bariloche won. Personally, I chose Salta as my first option and Bariloche as the second one, so I was happy with the results. We booked the tickets on February, and, also, we made a itinerary for all the activities that we wanted to do, so we could take advantage of all the time there. Anyways, we did a research in the bus schedules, but when we were there, we frequently got it wrong. Don't ask me why, I don't really have an answer. 
One week before the travel started, I started to pack my things. We only had hand luggage and a backpack, and we didn't want to pay for extra luggage, so we made the clothes fit in our luggage. I decided to roll my jeans and t-shirts, and to fold my hoodies. But I couldn't keep some space for chocolates, and that was a problem when I left Bariloche, at the moment I was packing, I thought that I would buy some chocolates there, but in the end I couldn't keep enough space. If I had kept some space, I wouldn't have problems with my luggage in the return plane.
The flight was at 12, so we have to be there at 11:20. We did the check-in online on Tuesday, so we didn't print out the tickets, we had them in our phones. I like to be early at the airport, so I left my home at 10, because I live 15 minutes from the airport, before that I checked that I had everything that I needed to travel. The 5 of us arrived around the same time, so it really was a relief when we saw that everyone was on time for the flight. 
To sum everything up, I can say that I'm in love with Bariloche, it was the most beautiful travel that I have ever had with amazing people. Bariloche has really breathtaking landscapes, and I unwind and recharge energy for the rest of the year thanks to the peace and quietness there.

