CONFIDENCE
be confident and make me look confident

A program that involves working with inheritance (injeritance)

my background --- experiencia

I have a background in

I'm deeply concerned with ... so I can make a significant contribution with you

involved

Improvement

I'm willing to learn

growth

I consider myself a

I'm glad about the opportunity to join in the project

That's sound great

That's great to hear

Sure

Take it for granted

I think this job suits me because (abilities)

I'm ready to handle and manage

I think I can manage with stress and pression because

figure out

I think I have the flexibility to figure things out in order to make things easier

I'm an adaptable because I have sociable abilities to communicate my feelings and emotions

open communication with the team

lower the stress level

sucursales --- headquarter in EEUU

I'm glad about this opportunity

I look forward to hearing from you soon because I think that I will make good contributions to your work place

I hope you consider my proposal

I hope you consider me in the project

fortalezas --- Strength
networking
I'm willing to learn from my mistakes

debilidades --- weak points to improve (delegation task)
I have to work on my patience ability
I have to improve me patience ability
I have to make my progress with my patience ability
I have to learn to delegate task
It is my concerned to develop my ability to delegate
I'm always paying attention to how I manage my patience because I want to improve myself and make the greatest contribution to you

I can manage a salary in a range of ...

I open to hear the proposal that you have ...

How many days of vacation are provided?

How many pay vacation are provided?

How many days off are provided?

days off --- times off

What's about company policy for working hours and break times?

core working hours --- hora pico

to do an apprenticeship --- hacer un training while working --- to earn qualifications and earn money

I'll do my best

I consider my self logical, curious, honest, efficient, understanding, competitive with myself because I want to improve, resilient, flexible or adaptable, committed 

1. This job suits me because I have always been looking for things that improve my knowledge

2. The reason why I'm here
It is something that calls my attentions and make me feels great to help to create some kind of solutions to what people meet/to what Disney needs/Globant needs

That is my unique motivation

That is what motivate me most

I'm rather curious

Well in my case

Dealing with people

I feel that I can deal with people very well

3. I love working with others
3. I love dealing with people

4. Challenging situations motivate me

work-life balance

All my subjects are up to date, I doing my career in a acceptable rythm (ridem)

In addition

project-based activities

MOTIVATION
COMMITED