~ Possessive 's and of ~

----- 's -----

He's my sister's boyfriend -> con personas usamos 's

I asked Chris' advice / I asked Chris's advice -> si el nombre termina en s, no hace falta poner la s después del '. Em ambas se pronuncia Chris is. Esto pasa con nombres de personas nada más

This is a photo of my parents' house -> en el plural cuando termina con s, no puedo poner de nuevo la s después del '

Si termina en s, se pronuncia sis

That's the children's bedroom -> si bien es plural, no termina en s

We spent the weekend at Paul's / I went to my grandmother's yesterday / Can you get me some aspirin when you go to the chemist's? -> a los lugares se les pone los '. Chemist es farmacia, the chemist es el farmacéutico

We saw Tom and Mary's parents -> si digo dos nombres, la posesión de dos o mas personas, el ' va solo en la última

----- of -----

What's the name of the street where you live? -> cuando no son personas, usamos of

That man over there is a friend of mine -> cuando le sigue un pronombre posesivo

This is an interesting book of Sarah's -> queremos enfatizar en el libro

Tell me about this plan of theirs

Where's that husband of yours?

Pronombres posesivos:
- Mine / My
- Yours
- His
- Hers
- Ours
- Theirs
- Its

https://www.britishcouncil.org.mx/blog/pronombres-ingles

----- own -----

I'd love to have my own business -> adelante de own va el adjetivo (my) y no el pronombre (mine)

That's my magazine. Why don't you buy your own?

Our town is going to get its own shopping centre -> Its es la forma posesiva de it. Cuando se usa its, se hace referencia a algo perteneciente a la tercera persona del singular neutro it

Small bakers often sell their own bread and cakes


~ Activities ~

closed down -> cerraron definitivamente

We went to Annes for dinner last night. -> to Anne's

1 There are lots of expensive womens' clothes shops round here. -> women's

2 James's brother is much younger than him.

3 They'd really like to have his own flat. -> their own flat

4 A Who are those women?
B The blonde one is my sister Alice, and the dark one is a colleague of her. -> hers colleague

5 There's been a hairdressers on that corner for years. -> hairdresser's

6 Two of my friend's mothers run online businesses. -> mother's

7 Simon is a distant cousin of ours.

8 If you want to work from home, you need to have a study of your own.

9 Keith's and Brian mother works in the shop with them. -. Keith and Brian's

10 There was a beautiful painting of Monet's at the exhibition.

bargain -> gran oferta

'in' place -> el lugar del momento

delivery window -> ventana de entrega, plazo de entrega -> to give one hour delivery window

It's just a huge nightmare

It's so convenient

That's a real bonus

It was a real pain

I love the fact that

It's great being able to

That's so annoying


2B (page 15)-> all 

a)

1- We spent the day at my sister's house.

2- We didn't go to Kate's wedding.

3- Beth boyfriend's doesn't get on with her parents.

4- The back door of the house is locked.

5- I always sit at the front of the class.

b)

1- The boys' bikes need cleaning before they put them away.

2- That girl is James'/James's new girlfriend. (BOTH)

3- It's my mum's birthday today.

4- There are lot of women's clothes in the charity shop.

5- She doesn't mind looking after other people's children.

6- There's a barbecue on Saturday at John's/John's house. (BOTH)

7- I'm going to the hairdresser's after the lunch.

8- That's Poppy and Mikey's school.

c)

1- Alice is a friend of mine.

2- Eating too fast is a bad habit of him.

3- How's that brother of yours?

4- That woman is a teacher of Lucy's/hers.

5- What's this idea of theirs?

d)

1- My parents make their own bread.

2- I'd love to have a room of my own.

3- Does the house have its own swimming pool?

4- That's my pen. Why don't you use your own?

5- We're taking our own tent when we go camping. (tent -> carpa)

6- My sister has just left home and moved into a place of her own. -> uso hers cuando no le sigue own

7- My grandfather is 91 and he still has all his own teeth.

e) 

1- I live in my parents' house, I have a bedroom of my own.

2- My parents' bedroom is the biggest in my house.

3- The last car I drove is of my dad's.

4- I usually sit in the back seats of the bus.

5- On Sunday I went to one of my friend's house.

6- I usually take the advices of my best friend's.