PE 1, PE 2, PE4 - social English

1- a ->

1) It's lovely to see you
It's great to see you, too

2) I can't believe we're here, Sophie
Neither can I, It's great, isn't it?

3) Look at this top! I've just bought it
Oh wow! It's amazing

4) I've lost my passport
It's not your day, is it?

5) I really miss you
Me too

6) They've cancelled my flight
Oh no! That's awful

7) I'll put my bag in my room
Please, let me take that for you

b ->

1 I can't believe you're so far away
Yes, it's weird, isn't it? It seems strange talking to you on the phone
I really miss you
Me too

2 It's lovely to see you
It's great to see you, too
I've bought you some flowers
Oh wow! It's amazing. They're beautiful!

3 I've been sitting in a traffic jam (atasco de tráfico) for two hours
Oh no! That's awful
And now I'm finally here, I've just realized I've left my wallet at home
It's not your day, is it?

4 I'll put my bag in the boot (maletero)
No, no. Please, let me take that for you. It's too heavy for you

2- a ->
1) Hi Emily. What's up?
2) I'm afraid I can't take your call at the moment
3) Thanks Kieran. See you later
4) Please leave your message after the tone
5) Hang on, I'll get my coat
6) I'm pretty tired
7) Well, at least we got home safely

b ->
1) This is Caroline Philips. I'm afraid I can't take your call at the moment. Please leave you message after the tone
Hi Caroline. It's Karen. Just to tell you we're meeting at 8:30 tonight, not 8:00. See you later

2) Hi Oscar. What's up? 
I've had a terrible day.
Well, at least you're a here now. Why don't you sit down, and I'll get you a drink

3) Do you want to go home now?
Yes, it's really late, and I'm pretty tired
Ok, I'll get the bill
Hang on, I'll get my wallet. Let me give you some money
No, don't worry, I'll get this

4- a ->
1) Any news?
2) Did you get that?
3) I hope so
4) I'll keep trying
5) It's all such a mess
6) That parking business? (el asunto con el parking, el tema con el parking) 

business también se usa con own -> my own business -> mi asunto -> own se usa para enfatizar
mind your own business -> metete en lo tuyo

b ->
1) What about your interview? Any news?
I didn't get the job
That's disappointing
I know, but I'll keep trying

2) Go straight on, take the first road on your right and then the second on your left. Did you get that?
Yes, first right and second left
Do you think you'll be able to find it?
I hope so

3) Have you spoken to your neighbors since the argument about that parking business?
Not yet. It's all such a mess
I know, but you must talk to them about it 













































